CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER 2146
ENGLISH NAME George Willard
INDIAN NAME
AGENCY
NATION Alaskan
HOME ADDRESS Miss J. H. Willard, Sitka, Alaska
PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD
BLOOD
AGE 13
HEIGHT
WEIGHT
FORCED INSPECTION
FORCED EXPERIENCE
SEX M

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL Apr 21, 1898
FOR WHAT PERIOD 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED Feb 8, 1905
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE June out.

TO COUNTRY
PATRONS NAME AND ADDRESS
FROM COUNTRY
May 17, 98 H. Starkey Tullytown Pa. Sep 16, 98
Mar 31, 99 C. Reeves Davisville " 15, 99
... ... D. Reed Tullytown " Mar 30, 02
June 14, 02 Samuel Eckles, New Kingston, July 18, 02
June 14, 03 Samuel Beach Berwick " Sept 15, 03
July 29, 04 H. McCrawford, Ct Pleasant, N.J. Sept 2, '04
Dec 12, '04 Richard C. Schirmer 222 Broad St Philadelphia, Pa. Feb 7, '05

Months in school before Carlisle. 7 0
Grade entered at Carlisle, 4th
Grade at date of Discharge, 9th
Trade or Industry, Printer
Church, Presbyterian

Working for the Book Lover's Library, Philadelphia (Printer)
CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>NUMBER</th>
    <th>ENGLISH NAME</th>
    <th>AGENCY</th>
    <th>NATION</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2146</td>
    <td>George Willard</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Alaskan</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>BAND</th>
    <th>INDIAN NAME</th>
    <th>HOME ADDRESS</th>
    <th></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Miss F. H. Willard, Sitka, Alaska.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD</th>
    <th>FATHER</th>
    <th>MOTHER</th>
    <th>BLOOD</th>
    <th>AGE</th>
    <th>HEIGHT</th>
    <th>WEIGHT</th>
    <th>FORCED INSF.</th>
    <th>FORCED EXP.</th>
    <th>SEX.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td>13</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td>M</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>ARRIVED AT SCHOOL</th>
    <th>FOR WHAT PERIOD</th>
    <th>DATE OF DISCHARGE</th>
    <th>CAUSE OF DISCHARGE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>April 21, 1898</td>
    <td>five years</td>
    <td>Feb. 8, 1905</td>
    <td>Time out.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>MONTHS IN SCHOOL BEFORE CARLISLE</th>
    <th>GRADE ENTERED</th>
    <th>GRADE AT DATE OF DISCHARGE</th>
    <th>TRADE OR INDUSTRY</th>
    <th>CHURCH</th>
    <th>MILES TO SCHOOL</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>70</td>
    <td>4th</td>
    <td>9th</td>
    <td>Printer</td>
    <td>Presbyterian</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>TO COUNTRY</th>
    <th>PATRONS' NAME AND ADDRESS</th>
    <th>FROM COUNTRY</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>May 17, 1898</td>
    <td>H. Starkey, Tullytown, Pa</td>
    <td>Sept. 16, 1898</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>March 36, 1899</td>
    <td>C. Reeves, Davisville, Pa.</td>
    <td>" 15, 1899</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>March " 1900</td>
    <td>D. Reed, Tullytown, Pa.</td>
    <td>March 30, 1902</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>June 14, 1902</td>
    <td>Samuel Eckles, New Kingston, Pa.</td>
    <td>July 18, 1902</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>June 14, 1903</td>
    <td>Sameul Houch, Berwick, Pa.</td>
    <td>Sept. 15, 1903</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>July 29, 1904</td>
    <td>H. M. Crawford, Pt. Pleasant, N. J.</td>
    <td>Sept. 2, 1904</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Dec. 12, 1904</td>
    <td>Richard C. Schirmer 822 N. Broad St., Philadelphia, Pa.</td>
    <td>Feb. 7, 1905.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>"remarks"</td>
    <td>Working for the Book Lover's Library, Philadelphia.(Printer)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>
RECORD OF GRADUATES AND RETURNED STUDENTS.
UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA.

Name: George Willard

1. Are you married and if so to whom? Single

2. What is your present address? Philadelphia, Pa

3. Did you attend or graduate from any other schools after leaving Carlisle? Give names of school and dates if possible. No

4. What is your present occupation? Salary? Musician with Wheelock's Indian Band at a salary of $25.00

5. Do you own your home? No

6. What kind of a house is it? Number of rooms?

7. How much property do you possess?
Stock
Land
Real Estate

8. Do you have money in the bank? Yes How much?

9. Have you been in the Indian Service? In what positions? How long in each? No.

10. What other positions have you held since leaving Carlisle?
    Printer with J.B. Lippincott Pub Co. - Slocum Pub Co. - both of Philadelphia.
    Printer with Butler Bros. Pub Co. Chicago, Ill.

11. Have you done anything for the betterment of your people? Write fully.
    While connected with Lippincott's Pub Co. of Philadelphia, one of the largest plants in that city, I have worked alongside of my white brothers and have tried to show him as well as the employer that an Indian can be as skillful as his white brother. The same thing can be said of in my Band experiences—that is to show what thorough training Carlisle gives its pupils.
The Indian is capable of making success of anything he undertakes if only given the proper chances on the level with his white brothers.

12. Tell me anything else of interest connected with your life. During my travels with the different organizations and companies, I have been to all the largest cities of this country, giving me a strong picture as to the real beauty of the country. It has also afforded me the pleasure of coming in contact with all classes of people which helps me a great deal towards conducting myself. It has taught me the ways of people. Taken in all, it is the best way to find out the conditions of living throughout the country.
CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS
CARLISLE, PA
Alaskan Alaskan
2039 Brandywine St.
Phila. Penna.
Mr. Moses Friedman.
Carlisle. Penna.

Dear Mr. Friedman:

It has been a long time since we last heard from one another—and I feel that I ought to offer you an apology—for not writing. So I beg your pardon for delaying so long. It has been a case of hand to mouth since you last heard from me—and I might
to that—that has been the reason for not writing. I have been struggling to get along and although I live—I don't seem to make any headway—I am in need—not so much for money—although that is the most essential—but clothes and shoes—to clad while I am getting a few dollars to keep me in bread and butter. My condition is a hard one—and although what I make from day to day sustains life—yet I
good clothes to wear in which I could apply for a better and higher position. This is the greatest dear back I have. Winter is on and I am thinly clad. I feel ashamed to ask you for financial assistance yet while I do so, I do not ask it with the idea of taking advantage of you. I merely want what you can spare as a loan—and upon my good faith and honor. I hope you shall rely that I shall be a man to my word.
I am sure that you can give me a lift in some way. I shall be made happy and be imbued with new vigor and ambition to strike out again. With best wishes for you fortune success.

I beg to remain

Very Respy Yours,

Geo. Willard.

P.S. Please note change of address.
2039 Brandywine St.
December 16, 1909.

George Willard
2039 Brandywine St.,
Phila., Pa.
Dear friend:

I have your letter of recent date relative to getting some financial aid from me. It does not seem the best thing for me to do this for several reasons. However if you are in need and cannot procure work, I would be glad to have you come to Carlisle for a short stay. If you have not the means to get your ticket, I can have one placed for you at Broad Street Station.

We have work here always which you can do to earn your board and keep.

Very truly yours,

Superintendent.

NRD
M. FRIEDMAN, SUPERINTENDENT.

IN REPLY PLEASE REFER TO
FILE NO.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE,
R.F.D. #5  
Syracuse, N.Y.  
Dec. 5, 1913

Mr. Geo. Willard,  
R. F. D. 5, Syracuse, N. Y.

My dear Friend:

I assure you that it was a pleasure to receive your letter of December the 5th and to learn that you are now located in Syracuse and at work at the trade in which you received training at Carlisle.

I thank you also for the very kind words of appreciation contained in your letter and for your kind wishes.

Replying to the inquiry contained in your letter I will advise that on March the 20th of this year we listed Louis Paul's address as Linnton, Oregon. Since that time we have not heard from him, but it is to that point that his copy of the ARROW has been mailed regularly.

With best wishes for continued success, I am,

Very truly yours,

H.K.M.  
Superintendent.
J.D #5
Syracuse, N.Y.
Dec 5-1913

Reidman:
Dear Sir - Have been trying to locate Mr. Louis Paul - Class 1906. It is important that I should locate his present address and I earnestly beg you to look up for me if you can his present address - As present I am employed at The Printers trade - which Creisle so cheerfully instructed me while there as a student.
nothing but praise Carlisle and its wonderful work and I'll always feel grateful for what she has done for me. I hope that in the years to come you will achieve even more than what is your success at present and may Carlisle be always a sole benefit to The American Indian. With haste and awaiting an early reply I try to remain Very Sincerely Yours—

Dr. Millard.

Address—
Quonahua Reservation
R. #5.
Linton, Ore

3-20-13
Quondagw Reserve -
Dec. 13 1913.
Mr. M. Friedmann
Sup't - Carlisle Ind School
Carlisle, Pa

Dear Sir:

Your record and,
I heartily thank you for
information given me.
I would like to receive
the Arrow as I was a
printer while then and
received the paper when
at a sudden it ceased
to appear in my mail.
That of course was like
losing a treasury, and
it is to me and I would
desire very much to
receive at least a few
I owe a great deal to Carlisle which I could never repay—but I shall do all I can to uplift its principles wherever I go and to help its great cause along—Thanking you again and wishing you and the entire school a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

Very truly Yours,

George Willard
December 15, 1913.

Mr. George Willard,
Onondaga Reservation,
Syracuse, N. Y.

Dear Friend:

I have your letter of December 13th, and am issuing instructions to have sent to you THE ARROW to your new address.

I am glad to hear of your success and hope that the future will hold nothing but the best in store for you. We should be very glad to have you visit the school sometime. With kind regards, I am,

Sincerely your friend,

Superintendent.

MF:SR
Department of the Interior.

Mr. M. Friedman

Supt. U. S. Indian School

Carlisle

Pennsylvania

December 26th, 1913

Name: George Willard
Tribe: Chingok or Onyelnap
Present Address: Syracuse, N.Y.R. #5
Former Address: " " " "
Present Occupation: Printing

Remarks: Upon entering the school was enrolled as an algebraic which was my mistake by not knowing my real tribe so please rectify the mistake as my home is Seattle Washington according to my present knowledge.
June 19th, 1914.

For your kind personal wishes, I am,
Mr. George W. Willard, Very truly yours,
Onondaga Castle, Syracuse, N.Y.

My dear Friend:

I have noted the contents of your letter of June the 16th, but must advise in reply thereto that you have been misinformed about the rules regarding the transportation to which students are entitled when they have completed their periods of enrolment at Indian Schools. Transportation is provided for those who go to their homes, but that does not imply that students are entitled to an equivalent sum if they do not request the transportation to which they are entitled. Under the circumstances there is nothing that I can do for you.

At this late date it is doubted whether the Office at Washington would even authorize me to furnish you with transportation if you desired it to go to your home, because your release from this school was effected almost a decade ago and at that time there must have been good and sufficient reason why you preferred to remain in the east instead of going to your home.

Regretting that I cannot assist you and thanking you
Mr. George N. Willard,
Syracuse, N.Y.

for your kind personal wishes, I am,

Very truly yours,

Mr. Supp. of Carlisle

H.G.I.

Sir:

Will you kindly look up my record and see what my application stipulates—according to Government rules regarding students who enter Carlisle they are after leaving school, entitled to the railroad fare of return trip—whether said student returns home or not.
Onondaga Castle,
Syracuse, N.Y.
June 16 1914

Mr. Lippo,
Acting Supt. of Carlisle.

Dear Sir:

Will you kindly look up my record and see what my application stipulates—according to Government rules regarding students who enter Carlisle—they are, after leaving school, entitled to the railroad fare of return trip—whether said student returns home or not.
as I know all units of this section & other sections have received their return fares. All these years I have been ignorant of this fact, which is the reason I never mentioned it before this date. I am in need of it as the Government does not pay me any annuities or rations and I came from Seattle in this country, and from Alaska to Seattle, Wash. Now I know you'll help me as I am in need of what little is due me— I know the school would not hold this over back.
I do hereby look into this matter at your earliest convenience and advise me as to what shall and can be done—you are in power and in a position to help me greatly. Wishing you continued success in your present undertakings, and hoping to hear from you at the earliest date, I beg to remain

Very Respectfully Yours,
George W. Willard
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: George Hillard

PRESENT NAME:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATE</th>
    <th>INFORMATION THROUGH</th>
    <th>ADDRESS</th>
    <th>OCCUPATION</th>
    <th>ITEMS OF INTEREST</th>
    <th>GRADE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1910</td>
    <td>Self</td>
    <td>Phila., Pa.</td>
    <td>R#5 Musician</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1913</td>
    <td>"</td>
    <td>Syracuse, N.Y.</td>
    <td>Printer</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1917</td>
    <td>Davis Hill</td>
    <td>"</td>
    <td>"</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>
Willard George Ex. Stu.
Correspondence