CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER: 1889
ENGLISH NAME: Edward Billings
INDIAN NAME: George Billings
AGENCY: Puget Sound
NATION: Puyallup

BAND: 
HOME ADDRESS: 

PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD:
FATHER: Living
MOTHER: Living

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL: July 7, 1896
FOR WHAT PERIOD: 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED: Mar. 19, 1901
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE: Graduate

TO COUNTRY: 
FROM COUNTRY: 

PATRON'S NAME AND ADDRESS:
May 7, 97: J. Runkle, Lambertville, N.J.
Sept. 4, 97: G. Rich, Holicong, Pat.
Jan. 15, 00: G. Rubinkam, Jamison

SHAW-WALKER, MUSKEGON 5473

Months in school before Carlisle.

Grade entered at Carlisle,

Grade at date of Discharge,

Trade or Industry,

Church,
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE  
INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL  
CARLISLE, PA.

January 21, 1907

Edw. G. Willing  
Tacoma, Wash.

Dear friend;-

Please oblige by answering the questions below accurately and promptly and return this paper to me in the enclosed envelope, which requires no postage.

Are you married and if so to whom? Yes, Alice Middleton
What is your Post Office address? Boistfort, Wash.
What is your occupation?

Have you been in the Indian Service, in what positions and how long in each? I have not been in the Indian Service at any time.

Have you lived in the East any part of the time since your graduation, and if so, where, how long and what positions did you fill? No.

Your friend

W. A. Mercer  
Major 11th Cavalry,  
Superintendent.
Portfort Wash.
March 17th 1907.

Major W. A. Mercer
Carlisle, Pa.

Dear Sir: In regards to your letter of January 21st, I will say that I just recently received it owing to the fact that I had been away from Tacoma for about two months. I am at present working on a horse ranch at Portfort, Wash. For the past three years I have been a Letter Carrier of Tacoma Wash. but I have
Just decided to resign to accept a position in Seattle, Wash. I will probably stay at this place for a month or two before going to Seattle, just to have an outing. I do not know of anyone else from Carlisle at least any of the graduates. Hoping to hear from you in the future I remain as ever your

E H Willing
Borefoot,
Wash
May 4th, 1914.

Mr. Edward G. Willing,
Seattle, Washington.

My dear Friend:

I regret that this reply to your letter of April the 7th has been so long delayed, but it has finally been found in the records at our School Hospital that you were admitted to the Hospital on May the 31st of 1899 with an attack of varaloid, or small-pox. I attach hereto a statement from our School Physician certifying to that effect.

I am pleased to know that you have been employed during all the time you have been absent from Carlisle, and that you are self-supporting. That is a record that will always be a recommendation.

Hoping that you have not been inconvenienced by this delayed reply and assuring you of my continued interest in your welfare, I am,

Very truly yours,

HHM.

Supervisor in Charge.
May the 4th, 1914.

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

This is to certify that Edward G. Willing, a half-blood Puyallup Indian who was enrolled at this School from July the 7th of 1896 to March the 19th of 1901, was, according to the records now on file at the Hospital at this school, admitted to this institution with an attack of varaloid, or small-pox, on May the 31st of 1899.

H.K.M.,

Government Physician in Charge
Carlisle Indian School Hosp.
Wellings
Caralond Mauf
(small pot)
1899

Dr. Rundtuff
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL
CARLISLE, PA.

April 17th., 1914.

Mr. Meyer: As we return all records to the office when a student leaves school the health record of Edward Willing will probably be found among them. None is on file here. Should same not be found we might conscientiously give him a letter saying that it is our custom to vaccinate all unvaccinated pupils, and that this was probably done in the case in question. Willing says that he had small-pox or varioloid in 1899. The chances are very much in favor of this having been chicken pox, also called varicella.

Respectfully,

Walter Rundlett M.D.
ALASKA STEAMSHIP COMPANY

Seattle, April 7th, 1914

Superintendent Indian School
Carlisle, Pa.

Dear Sir:

When leaving Carlisle I failed to get certificates which would have benefited me the last few years. While at school, in the year Eighteen Hundred and Ninety-nine (1899), I had the Small-Pox or Varioloid as it was called and I was confined to the hospital from May the 28th until June the 20th of same year. Now what I wish to have is some written proofs of having the disease because it is necessary in the line of business that I am following. Since I left Carlisle I have been working as a waiter for Steam Ship Companies. At the present time I am with the Alaska Steamship Company. We are examined at every trip for Vaccination. I have been having a little trouble over mine because my vaccinations
have never taken either before or after having the sickness. The Nurse in charge of the Hospital at the time I was there was Miss Barr and I believe the Doctor's name was Dr. Diven. Now I would like to have a certificate as a proof if it is possible. The Law compel all person that work on Steamships and mingle with the traveling public as well as stop at various Ports on the Pacific Coast to be immune to all Contagious Diseases. I will be in Port now about three Days so I took time to write this letter. When you receive this I will be out at Sea again. I have been doing quite well since I left School and as I am making a good living at my work I hardly think that I ever will try working an shore for some time. I have met a few of the former Students of Carlile in my travels some of
whom I knew well while others I hardly knew. Hoping to hear from you in the near future in regards to my request I will close with my regards to my old friends and the crew at Carlisle Also give my regards to the Standard Literary Society.

Remain As Ever Your Friend
Edward G. Willing
Class 1901.

Address
E.G. Willing
General Delivery
Seattle,
Washington

7-7-1896
3-4-1901
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: Edward G. Willing

PRESENT NAME

DATE | INFORMATION THROUGH | ADDRESS | OCCUPATION | ITEMS OF INTEREST | GRADE

1907 | Reef | Boisfort, Wash. | Working at a married Alice Middleton | Hof Ranch.
1914 | " | Alaska Steamship Co., Seattle, Wash. | Waiter on Steamship. |