Indian Industrial School,
Carlisle, Pa. Oct. 24, 1901.

Pratt, P. H.,
Lt. Col. 15th Cav'y, Supt.

Referring to Circular No. 54 "Education". Recommendations & enclosure of letter of Asst. Dept. Allen on same subject.

Enc.
Department of the Interior,
INDIAN SCHOOL SERVICE.

Carlisle, Pa., Oct. 23, 1901.

To The Honorable,

The Commissioner of Indian Affairs,

Washington, D. C.

Sir:-

Replying to Circular No. 54 dated Sept. 25th, marked "Education" in reference to methods of transferring pupils to non-reservation schools, I have the honor to advise you that in my judgment owing to the limited number of pupils who can be accommodated in non-reservation schools as compared with the greater number on the reservation, only the brightest, best, and healthiest should be so transferred. So far as Carlisle is concerned, it would be better if no students under fourteen were sent here. At this age they can be brought fairly into our industrial opportunities; younger than that they are generally not usable in the technical departments, altho we can use them in policing and care-taking.

The plan of the Department in limiting the curriculum in reservation and certain non-reservation schools seems the best that can be inaugurated. Under this regulation Carlisle has already received a small party of intelligent pupils from Chemawa, and Mr. Terry writes asking me to take some from Puyallup because they have advanced beyond the allowed grade.

I hope non-reservation schools practicing the outing system may continue to have a wide range as to age limitations. Every day an Indian of any age spends off the reservation with good white people
is a great advantage to him and an influence toward his becoming a useful member of the body politic. Every day he is restrained from such association when it can be accomplished, is a positive detriment to him and to the work the Government is undertaking in its efforts to absorb and utilize the race as a part of its useful citizenship. In my judgment any agent, school superintendent, or employee among the Indians who directly or indirectly opposes an Indian in his use of such opportunities whether school or industrial, should be immediately dismissed from the service. I am very sorry to say there is a large number in authority throughout the Indian field who do this continually. It is also within my knowledge through all the years and especially very recently that missionaries who are provided with good homes and churches on the reservations by their church organizations in the east, use their influence in the same deterrent way. While the Government is endeavoring to accomplish the civilization of the Indian, these people supported by the church abuse the opportunities given them to live on the reservations by undermining and destroying the Government's efforts. I can name individuals and state facts if necessary. If the rules and regulations of the Government concerning its intentions in Indian education were made stringent by a few arbitrary dismissals from the Indian service of employees and removals of missionaries who interfere, there would soon be an entire change in the attitude of the whole service, and the difficulty would end.

In my opinion it would be far better to have at Carlisle no pupils below the fourth grade, and if the rules of long ago had been observed I would have none. I now have 79 in the first grade, 113
in the second, and 117 in the third grade or 309 who should have been better advanced before coming here.

In addition to the foregoing there is great necessity that the quality of students admitted to non-reservation schools be established by service regulations and no variation therefrom be permitted without permission of the Office, so that offenders at one school might not easily be taken into another. I can give distressing facts to establish the necessity for a regulation of this sort.

It was my judgment and accepted by the Department when I began the school at Carlisle that the Government in its schools would perform its duty when it had advanced young Indians as far as the grammar grade of the public schools, but there has been mischief at the head several times. General Morgan, when Commissioner, labored industriously to create a purely Indian system to be continued ad infinitum, covering the whole course of education to include graduation from college; and introduced and urged a bill in Congress providing that certain sections of all ceded lands be set aside for the purpose of creating a solely Indian school fund for higher education.

Mr. Edgar A. Allen, my assistant superintendent, whose long service in the western schools makes him a competent authority, presents such a clear exposition of this matter in his letter to me that I think best to forward and commend his views to you.

Very respectfully,

Lt. Col. 15th Cavalry, Supt.

Dictated(P)
Indian Industrial School,
Carlisle, Pa. Oct. 24, 1901

Pratt, R. H.,
Lt. Col. 15th Cav'y, Supt.

Letter of Resct. Supt. Allen in reference to Circular #54 "Education."
Department of the Interior,
INDIAN SCHOOL SERVICE,

Carlisle, Pa., October 8, 1901.

Lieut. Col. R. H. Pratt,
Supt. Carlisle Industrial School,
Carlisle, Pa.

Sir:

In response to your invitation for an expression of my views in relation to Indian Office Circular "Education #54", issued September 26, I have the honor to submit the following as a result of a number of years service in and adjacent to reservation schools:

No plan for the transfer of pupils from reservation to non-reservation schools can succeed that does not completely overcome the present resistance encountered from the majority of reservation superintendents and other employees. I am aware that this opposition is disclaimed but know equally well that the disclaimer is not genuine. It, in many cases, springs from no intended hostility to the non-reservation school but from the thoughtless desire of the superintendent to build as a monument to himself an institution of surpassing grandeur in the midst of savage surroundings; and from the unwillingness of themselves and the other employees to give up children who have learned the rudiments and take in their places others more needy but less helpful to their school. The argument is even advanced that it is unjust to the reservation schools to take from them those children who have made a beginning and force them to receive raw recruits from the camp. Thus an improper idea of the mission of the res-
ervation school is allowed to interfere with the Indian child's chances for growth. On almost all reservations a persistent effort is being made to prevent the escape of the young from the blighting influences of camp environment, by the representatives of the Government and hundreds are being held there merely because they will help the home school to run alone.

I am convinced that no work beyond the fourth grade should be permitted in reservation schools and that pupils should be transferred when they have reached that grade and at not to exceed fourteen years of age whether that grade of proficiency has been attained or not, if they are such persons as can profit by the advantages offered by non-reservation schools. When a child has reached the grade or age referred to and is of sound mind and body he should be transferred to the non-reservation school of his and his parents choice, but if they fail to choose to the one designated by the Department. In no case should he be allowed to choose to go to no school. Once entered at an institution he should remain there until the course offered is completed unless reasons deemed sufficient by the Department are presented for his withdrawal.

A pupil expelled from one school should in no case be received in another unless he can show satisfactorily that his expulsion was without proper cause or that he has corrected his objectionable conduct. A large boy, for instance, expelled from one school because his association with the other pupils is injurious should not be taken into another merely because he has accomplishments that it is desired to exploit.

It would seem unnecessary to state that no one should be
enrolled who cannot prove absolutely his Indian blood but if such rule were adopted a number of our schools would lose an astonishing per cent, of its number admitted merely upon their own unsupported statement when actually not a trace of Indian blood could be demonstrated.

Since it is desired by all friends of Indian education that distinctive Indian schools be abandoned at the earliest possible moment it follows that no child should be encouraged to attend any Indian school if any public school is available. The doors of our schools should be opened wide to all Indians who have no other facilities but resolutely closed when sought to be entered by those who can in any way attend any creditable white institution.

I have endeavored to make my suggestions as brief as the subject would permit and to emphasize the fact that the principal obstacle encountered at present to the transfer of pupils is from those representatives of the Government at the various agencies, who from the nature of their positions should render active assistance.

Very respectfully,

Elyard Allen