CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER 1513
ENGLISH NAME (Argnette)
INDIAN NAME John Archette
BAND
AGENCY
NATION Puyallup

HOME ADDRESS Isaac Argnette

PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD
FATHER: Living
MOTHER: Living
BLOOD 1/2
AGE 19
HEIGHT 5'8"
WEIGHT 154
FORCED INSPIR. 38
FORCED EXPR. 34
SEX M

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL July 7, 1896
FOR WHAT PERIOD 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED July 8, 1897
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE Conduct

TO COUNTRY
PATRON'S NAME AND ADDRESS
FROM COUNTRY

Months in school before Carlisle.
Grade entered at Carlisle,
Grade at date of Discharge,
Trade or Industry,
Church.
CARLISLE INDIAN PAINTING TOTEM

SAYS HE KNOWS WHAT EVERY DAUB MEANS.

Largest Pole in World Being Redecorated by Graduate of Two Schools.

Like all other things, Tacoma's totem pole is a joy forever only so long as it remains beautiful—which accounts for the fact that the largest totem pole in the world is having applied to its many colors a brand new coat of paint.

Swinging on a platform suspended from the eagle's peak above and encircled by the halo of electric lights, Jack Arquette is wielding the brush which is bringing forth a riot of color on the grotesque figures.

"It is a hard job," said Arquette, as he swung off the platform yesterday afternoon. "Oh, I know just what all these colors mean and what the figures represent. I should, for I am a breed myself. I was educated over at the Cushman Indian school and then went to Carlisle.

Story Too Long to Tell.

"The story of all these figures is too long to tell. It will take several days to finish the work. The first coat will be the hardest to put on. After that it will be easy. I have to change colors and brushes so often on each of these figures from the eagle down that it takes lots of time."

In order to place the swinging platform in place it was necessary to enlist the assistance of the hook and ladder company at Engine House No. 6.
Record of Graduates and Returned Students.

U. S INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PA.

Jan 14 - 1910

NAME John Arguello

1. Are you married and if so to whom? Not Married

2. What is your present address? Tacoma, Wash.

3. Did you attend or graduate from any other schools after leaving Carlisle? No Give names of schools and dates if possible
   Would like to write a personal letter some time to you

4. What is your present occupation? Varnisher, Auto, and Carriage Painter. Signs and general finisher.

5. Tell something of your present home My present home is in the city surrounded by good and evil.

6. What property in the way of land, stock, buildings or money do you have? I have no property (land) No stock. No buildings. I average in spring & summer $17.00 to $25.00 per week.

7. Have you been in the Indian Service? In what positions? How long in each?
   I have not been in Uncle's service he has already done a whole lot for me.
8. What other positions have you held since leaving Carlisle?
1st Contractor at Painting and Paperhanging.
2nd Finisher & Varnisher in Furniture Factory.
3d As Musician in Concert Band and Orchestra.

9. Tell me anything else of interest connected with your life:
That after leaving Carlisle I followed music in general with circuses & pony shows and am proud to say that I have benefited by it.
I have seen the ups & downs of society in its highest stages.
I have seen the other society in the height of their glory, vice in every shape and form. They were the same human beings which need a strong helping hand.
My experience in traveling has taught me much. Last but not least something should be done with the Liquor Law as pertaining to the Indian. The Federal Law says he shall not have liquor and why is it? That so many of my tribe can be seen at any time and place helplessly drunk. I could dwell on this subject and write for a week but I guess old Uncle has men looking out for such cases. I for one am prejudice against Liquor.

Yours truly,
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: John Arquette

PRESENT NAME:

DATE: 1910.

INFORMATION THROUGH: Olympia, Wash.

ADDRESS: Olympia, Wash.

OCCUPATION: Painter

ITEMS OF INTEREST:

GRADE: