Indian Industrial School,
Carlisle, Pa. Feb. 20 1900

Pratt, R. H.,
Major 10th Cav'y, Supt.

Enclosing letter from Jeannette M. Buckler who desires a transfer from acct. matron to teacher.

I inc

To Carlisle Feb. 26 1900
(This has been done)
Department of the Interior,
INDIAN SCHOOL SERVICE.
OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT.

Carlisle, Pa., Feb. 20, 1900.

To The Honorable,

The Commissioner of Indian Affairs,

Washington, D. C.

Sir:-

I enclose a letter from Jeannette M. Buckles, now assistant matron at the Puyallup School, Tacoma. She has several times written me asking if I could not help her to get a transfer from matron to teacher. Jeannette is a graduate of our last class, is exceptionally healthy and capable, jolly and buoyant in her character, and so far I believe has made a good record.

If it happens that she can be favored in her wish to be transferred to an assistant teacher's place, which is what she fitted herself for, I should be pleased to have that done. I do not ask it, however, unless the change would be a convenience and advantage to the service.

Very respectfully,

[signature]
Major 10th Cavalry, Supt.

Dictated (P)
Pacoma, Wash,
Jan. 20th 1899.

My Dear Major,

I am going against my word in not writing as often as I thought I could but still I often think of you and the good you have done for me and my race. Lately I have had a greater responsibility thrown upon my shoulders. Instead of being matron over the forty small boys, I have now on my roll between 100 and 103. Some in my building are older than I am. Mrs. Etmer's system as matron over we girls has helped me a
great deal now that I am matron of the boys for I try to run things like she did and glad to tell you that more than once I have been congratulated as matron. But oh, how much more I wish to be a matron teacher and I know I could do it as well as any white person, having had a four years training at Carlisle.

There has been two vacancies for teachers here since I came but I had no chances for getting them as the first place was gotten by the lady telegraphing to Washington and the other got from friends there. Both are white women.

Miss Blake, my friend is looking for a teacher's position also and she has helping her Mrs Hart, our superintendent's wife who knew Miss Blake at Haskell, when she was there as teacher. Mrs Hart has written to Miss Reels for a place for her which I hope she will get. I want to ask you if you won't please use your influence in getting me in as teacher. I think that I would be improving myself a great deal more if I was teacher.

When I think of Carlisle I feel like a lost chicken but still I am perfectly happy. I have been reelected as leader of the King's Daughters
here and so I have been these past seven months. Now I am trying to get one of the new teachers to take my place so that with our next term we will have a new leader probably.

I am learning to do fancy work, embroidery etc. and am doing my best all around. I shall not bring disgrace upon dear Carlisle even if some Carlisle boys and girls have done so for I am too thankful for the training I received.

Please try to help me get a teachers position. With love to you all. Lovingly - Jeannette M. Buckles