CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER: 1516
ENGLISH NAME: Daniel Warner
INDIAN NAME: Daniel Warner
AGENCY: Puyallup
RATION: 
BAND: 1377
HOME ADDRESS: Daniel Warner

PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD: Living
FATHER: Living
MOTHER: Dead
AGE: 20
HEIGHT: 5-8 1/2
WEIGHT: 107 1/2
FORCED INSPECTION: 38
FORCED EXPIRATION: 34
SEX: M

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL: Aug 27, 1892
FOR WHAT PERIOD: 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED: Mar 29, 1897
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE:

TO COUNTRY: Apr. 29, 93
FROM COUNTRY: Sep. 14, 93
PATRONS NAME AND ADDRESS: E. Heaton, Longland, Bucks Co., Pa.

Married Mar 19, 94. Went to live with H. D. Smith, Penndale, Pa.
Months in school before Carlisle.
Grade entered at Carlisle,
Grade at date of Discharge,
Trade or Industry,
Church,
Puyallup, Wash

RECORD OF GRADUATES AND RETURNED STUDENTS.
UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA.

Name Daniel Warner

1. Are you married and if so to whom? Yes, to Miss Gotta Grant

2. What is your present address? Tacoma Wash - Station P.

3. Did you attend or graduate from any other schools after leaving Carlisle? Give names of school and dates if possible. None

4. What is your present occupation? Salary? Carpenter, for rough carpentry $1.50 an hour, and finishing I get $1.00 an hour

5. Do you own your home? Yes

6. What kind of a house is it? Number of rooms? It is a wooden house, single story, shingle roof, painted, gutters with down spouts, four rooms, with pantry and closet

7. How much property do you possess?

Stock

Land
Real Estate Four lots that I live on in the city of Tacoma.

8. Do you have money in the bank? Yes How much? $470.00

9. Have you been in the Indian Service? In what positions? How long in each?

10. What other positions have you held since leaving Carlisle?

11. Have you done anything for the betterment of your people? Write fully. Yes in a small way that is in the lakewalum telling them the disgrace, and degenerating ill that goes with it.
12. Tell me anything else of interest connected with your life. I have held three public offices since leaving Bartlett. First was Justice of the Peace for four years. Road Supervisor for three years. Dept. County Assessor for eight successive years. These offices I held under the scheduled election of the county I live in. And at present I am Dept. game warden of which I was appointed by the Chief Warden.
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: Daniel Varner

PRESENT NAME:

DATE: 1910.

ADDRESS: Tacoma, Wash.

OCCUPATION: Carpenter