DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
UNITED STATES INDIAN SERVICE  
INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL  
CARLISLE, PA.

January 21, 1907

John Leslie  
Shelton, Wash.

Dear friend;-

Please oblige by answering the questions below accurately and promptly and return this paper to me in the enclosed envelope, which requires no postage.

Are you married and if so to whom? Not Married.

What is your Post Office address? Olympia, Wash.

What is your occupation? Marine Engineer

At present I am Chief Engineer on Steamer City of Shelton, running out of Olympia, Wash.

Have you been in the Indian Service, in what positions and how long in each? Never been in the Indian Service.

Have you lived in the East any part of the time since your graduation and if so, where, how long and what positions did you fill? Never lived in the East after graduation.

Your friend

March 5, 1907

W.A. Mercer  
Major 11th Cavalry, Superintendent.
CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER 1376
ENGLISH NAME John Leslie
INDIAN NAME Jim Leslie
HOME ADDRESS Puyallup
NATION
BLOOD 3/4
AGE 21
HEIGHT 5-5 1/2
WEIGHT 165
FORCED INSP. 39 1/2
FORCED EXPR. 35
SEX. M
PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD
FATHER Dead
MOTHER Living
ARRIVED AT SCHOOL Aug. 27, 1892
FOR WHAT PERIOD 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED Mar. 5, 1896
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE Graduate
TO COUNTRY Jul. 18, 93
PATRONS NAME AND ADDRESS A. Rogers Midvale Pa.
FROM COUNTRY Apr. 8, 93

Months in school before Carlisle.

Grade entered at Carlisle.

Grade at date of Discharge.

Trade or Industry.

Church.
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: John Leslie

PRESENT NAME:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATE</th>
    <th>INFORMATION THROUGH</th>
    <th>ADDRESS</th>
    <th>OCCUPATION</th>
    <th>ITEMS OF INTEREST</th>
    <th>GRADE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1907</td>
    <td>Self</td>
    <td>Olympia, Wash.</td>
    <td>Chief Engineer "Steamer Shelter"</td>
    <td>"</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1911</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>