PHYSICAL RECORD,
CARLISLE INDIAN SCHOOL.

NAME OF PUPIL: Bastian, John
DATE: Feb. 9, 1909
AGE: 21 YEARS
NEW STUDENT: Yes
TRIBE: Puyallup
STATE: Washington

DEGREE OF INDIAN BLOOD: One-half
INSPECTION: Fairly good development

PALPATION: Normal
PERCUSSION: Normal

AUSCULTATION:
  RESONANCE: Normal
  RESP. MURMUR: Normal

HEART SOUNDS: Normal

MENSURATION:
  INSPIRATION: 36
  EXPIRATION: 32
  RESPIRATION: 17
  PULSE: 84

TEMPERATURE: 98.4° F
HEIGHT: 5'6"
WEIGHT: 131 lbs.
VISION: 10/10
VACCINATION: Good - 1907

FAMILY HISTORY:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th></th>
    <th>Living.</th>
    <th>Condition of Health.</th>
    <th>Dead.</th>
    <th>Cause of death.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>FATHER</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Good</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MOTHER</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Good</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>BROTHERS</td>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>2 (good, 1 brain aneurism)</td>
    <td>3</td>
    <td>appendicitis</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>SISTERS</td>
    <td>2</td>
    <td>good</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

PERSONAL HISTORY: Never had any serious illness.

REMARKS: Eruption of acne on face & back. Slight bilateral enlargement of thyroid gland.
HOSPITAL RECORD

EXAMINATION FOR OUTING:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATES:</th>
    <th>CONDITIONS:</th>
  </tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td></td><td></td></tr>
</table>
NAME: Joe Levi Bastian Puyallup
TRIBE:
PARENT OR GUARDIAN: Florine Riston, Tacoma, Wash.
DATE ENROLLED: Feb. 9, 1909
TERM: To complete course
AGE: 21
HOME ADDRESS:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATE OF RECORD</th>
    <th>ACADEMIC DEPARTMENT.</th>
    <th>INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT.</th>
    <th>DORMITORY.</th>
    <th>OUTING</th>
    <th>SPECIAL REMARKS.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Room No. Scholarship Conduct.</td>
    <td>Shop Ability Conduct.</td>
    <td>Room No. Neatness Conduct.</td>
    <td>Ability Conduct.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>July '09</td>
    <td>14 Ex. Carp Good Good</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>224 Good Good</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jan. '10</td>
    <td>14 Ex. Janitor " "</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>233 U "</td>
    <td>" "</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>July '10</td>
    <td>Outing Carp "</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>" "</td>
    <td>" "</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>
BRIEF.

Application of
John Levi Bastian
FOR THE ENROLLMENT OF
Himself
IN THE INDIAN SCHOOL AT
Carlisle, Pennsylvania

POST OFFICE ADDRESS OF APPLICANT:
Gmil Deloy Tacoma Wash.

Date of enrollment, , 190
Term of enrollment, Five (5) years
Application for Enrollment in a Nonreservation School.

For and in consideration of the United States assuming the care, education, and maintenance in the United States Indian School at Carlisle Pa., of John Levi Bastian, I, John Levi Bastian, of Tacoma P.O., State of Wash., do hereby voluntarily consent and agree to enrollment in said school for a period of years, and also obligate and bind myself to abide by all the rules and regulations for Indian schools.

I further say that the said child was born at Pierce County Wash. on July 24, 1888, that the father, Isaac Bastian, a half Indian of the Pugetty Agency; that he left the tribe about three years ago; that the mother, Grilla Bastian, a 1/4 Indian of the Chee Tribe located at Pugetty Agency, and left the tribe about; that the said child was born and reared in the United States, and now actually resides therein; and that he has attended the following schools:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>NAME OF SCHOOL—PUBLIC, GOVERNMENT, OR MISSION.</th>
    <th>LOCATED AT</th>
    <th>DATE OF ENROLLMENT</th>
    <th>DATE OF DISCHARGE</th>
    <th>CAUSE OF DISCHARGE</th>
    <th>GRADE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Puyallup Bdg Self</td>
    <td>Tacoma</td>
    <td>1903</td>
    <td>1907</td>
    <td>Complete Course</td>
    <td>8th</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tacoma City High Self</td>
    <td>Tacoma, Ws</td>
    <td>1908</td>
    <td>1908</td>
    <td>Youngest</td>
    <td>9th A</td>
  </tr>
</table>

This 18th day of January, 1909

Two witnesses:
G. Dower Manchester
John L. Bastian

P.O., Tacoma, Ws (B.S.)

NOTE.—Every blank in this application must be properly filled out by the applicant, in his own handwriting, if possible. The signature, whether by mark or otherwise, must be attested by two witnesses.

AFFIDAVIT.

I, John L. Bastian, do hereby swear that the statements made in the above application are true.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th day of January, 1909

NOTE.—This application and affidavit must be executed before some officer authorized to administer oaths by the parent with whom the child is living; if the parents are dead, by the guardian or next of kin.
Certificate of Physician.

I, C.H. Kinneear, a practicing physician of Tacoma, do hereby certify that I have carefully examined John L. Bastian the child named in this application, and find that he is in proper physical condition to attend school, and is not afflicted with tuberculosis or other disease which would be a menace to the health of other pupils.

This 18th day of January, 1909

C.H. Kinneear, M.D.

Vouchers of Disinterested Persons.

VOUCHER No. 1.

I, G. Dowd McIneston, a lawyer at law, of Tacoma, Wn., do hereby certify that I am personally acquainted with John L. Bastian who makes the foregoing application; that I believe his statements therein are true; that I am acquainted with him for ten years; that he is known and recognized in the community with an excellent character; that in my opinion he can not receive proper and adequate schooling at home for the reason that he is beyond the education furnished at Puyallup Bdg. School has no money to complete his course in Tacoma City High School.

This 18th day of January, 1909

G. Dowd McIneston

VOUCHER No. 2.

I, Florence Liston, a former teacher-matron of Tacoma, Wash., do hereby certify that I am personally acquainted with John L. Bastian, who makes the foregoing application; that I believe his statements therein are true; that I am acquainted with him; that he is known and recognized in the community in which he lives as an Indian; and that in my opinion he cannot receive proper and adequate schooling at home for the reason that he has graduated from Puyallup 2nd. Schl. & is now dependent upon his own resources. He is vigorous for a high school boy, but we out of funds.

This 18th day of January, 1909

Florence Liston
Certificate of School Physician.

I hereby certify that on ____________________________, I made a careful examination (As soon after arrival as possible.) of the physical condition of _______________________________________________________, the child named in the foregoing application, and found ________________to be ____________________________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________________

I therefore recommend that the said child be ________________enrolled in this school.

This __________day of ____________________________, 190________

School Physician.

INDORSEMENT.

A child showing one-sixteenth or less Indian blood, whose parents live on an Indian reservation, Indian fashion, who, if debarred from the Government schools, could not obtain an education, may be permitted in the reservation day and boarding schools, but it is preferable that it be not transferred to a nonreservation school, without permission from the Office. Children showing one-eighth or less Indian blood, whose parents do not live on an Indian reservation, whose home is among white people where there are churches and schools, who are presumed to have adopted the white man's manners and customs, and are to all intents and purposes white people, are debarred from enrollment in the Government nonreservation and reservation schools. Superintendents, in all cases where doubt exists as to the degree of Indian blood of a child proposed for transfer, should fully satisfy themselves of the facts by affidavits from reliable persons, which affidavits must be kept on file at the school.

A pupil who has been regularly enrolled in a nonreservation school must not be taken to any other nonreservation school without the consent of both Superintendents and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and Superintendents will be held to strict accountability for such pupils taken to their schools.

A pupil dismissed from school for cause must not be enrolled in any other school without the permission of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. Full facts must be submitted with each request.
OUTING RECORD - CARLISLE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL

Name of Student: John Bastian
Home Address: Isaac Bastian, Tacoma, Wash. Tribe Puyallup.

Age at Entrance: 21
Date of Entrance: 2-9-09
Shop: Farm
Patron: Jas. Anderson
Address: Cranbury, N.J. #2 Trenton, N.J.
R.R. Station: Grade in School
Recommended by: Church: Presbyterian
Grade of Home: Date of Outing: 6-28-09
Date Returned: 8-28-09
Wages: J.T. Glein
Mortonville, Pa.

Days in School:
Conduct: G, G
Ability: G, G
Health: G, G
Earnings: 10, 12

4-23-'10. Ret'd 5-15-'18
OUTING RECORD — CARLISLE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL

Name of Student        Home Address        Tribe

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Age at Entrance</th>
    <th>Date of Entrance</th>
    <th>Shop</th>
    <th>JAN.</th>
    <th>FEB.</th>
    <th>MAR.</th>
    <th>APR.</th>
    <th>MAY</th>
    <th>JUNE</th>
    <th>JULY</th>
    <th>AUG.</th>
    <th>SEPT.</th>
    <th>OCT.</th>
    <th>NOV.</th>
    <th>DEC.</th>
    <th>TOTAL OR AVERAGE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Patron</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Locality</td>
    <td colspan="14">Days in School</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Address</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>R. R. Station</td>
    <td colspan="14">Conduct</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Recommended by</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Grade in School</td>
    <td colspan="14">Ability</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Grade of Home</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Church</td>
    <td colspan="14">Health</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date of Outing</td>
    <td>Date Returned</td>
    <td>Wages</td>
    <td colspan="14">Earnings</td>
  </tr>
</table>
Mr. M. Friedman

Supt. U. S. Indian School

Carlisle

Pennsylvania

Chehalis, Wash., 12/30 1912

Name: John Levi Bastian
Tribe: Puyallups
Present Address: Taholah, Wash.,
Former Address: Pacific Beach, Wash.
Present Occupation: Carpenter & Boatbuilder
Remarks: Am at Chehalis at present where I have been employed for the last four months as carpenter & boatbuilder. Am happy & contented.
1-567 a
Department of the Interior.

Mr. M. Friedman

Supt. U. S. Indian School

Carlisle

Pennsylvania

Name (Please give name by which enrolled and also present or married name.)
Tribe
Present Address
Former Address (Address from which we heard from you last.)
Present Occupation
Remarks: Will start work to improve my abatement in the near future.
Bastian John Ex-stu.

Arrival at School 136
Deserted from Puyallup School 136
Transportation for 840 and 299
Correspondence from 299
Conduct of G.D. McLester 2501
" Mrs. Liston's file 746
To be placed on Catholic roll 700 & 878
Mrs. Orellia Bastian file 3439
Position: Carpenter

Name: Bastian, John Levi
Age: 21
Deg. Ind. blood: 1/2

Other positions for which suited, and in order named:
2. Cabinet maker
3. Teamster
4. Laborer

Information from: Carlisle
Date: June 6, 1910
State: Wash.
Agency: Puyallup
Tribe: Puyallup

EFFORTS
Failed back. Letter of Super. Maguett. Dec. 1912
Working for himself Carpt. 5.00 per day.
REPORT AFTER LEAVING CARLISLE

NAME AT CARLISLE: John Bastian

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATE</th>
    <th>INFORMATION THROUGH</th>
    <th>ADDRESS</th>
    <th>OCCUPATION</th>
    <th>ITEMS OF INTEREST</th>
    <th>GRADE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1913</td>
    <td>Self</td>
    <td>Chehalis, Wash.</td>
    <td>Carpenter - boat builder.</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>"</td>
    <td>"</td>
    <td>Zaholah, Wash.</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>
TRADE RECORD, CARLISLE.

Jan. 1, 19__ to June 30, 19__.

PUPIL: John V. Gastain

TRADE: Carpenter & Cabinet Maker

ABILITY: Good

CONDUCT: "i"

REMARKS:

INSTRUCTOR: John A. Herr
John Bastian, Class '09, writes from Moclips, Washington, that he is doing well; he wishes to be remembered to his friends.