CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER 1579
ENGLISH NAME Frank Andrew
INDIAN NAME Charley Andrew brother
AGENCY Payallup
NATION Puy
HOME ADDRESS Charley Andrew brother

PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD
FATHER: Dead
MOTHER: Dead
BLOOD Tull 12
AGE 4-7/8
HEIGHT 74
WEIGHT 29 1/2
FORCED INSP. 27
FORCED EXPR. m

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL Aug 9, 1894
FOR WHAT PERIOD 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED Dec 11, 1900
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE Runaway

TO COUNTRY
May 7, 95 John Grant Tullytown Pa.
" " 95 "
June 29, 96 W. Weihley New Kingston "
Jan. 26, 98 J. Stapler Edgewood "
Sep. 16, 98 B. Eyre Dolington "
Oct. 31, 99 J. Hill New Hope "
" " 00 C. White Laughorne "

FROM COUNTRY
Sep. 14, 95
Feb. 5, 96
June 15, 97
Sep. 16, 98
Mar. 31, 99
Sep. 14, 00

Months in school before Carlisle.

Grade entered at Carlisle,

Grade at date of Discharge,

Trade or Industry,

Church,

Ran Nov. 25th 1900.
CARLISLE INDIAN INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.
DESCRIPTIVE AND HISTORICAL RECORD OF STUDENT.

NUMBER 2886
BAND

ENGLISH NAME Frank Andrews
INDIAN NAME
AGENCY Tacoma
HOME ADDRESS Puyallup, Wash. (David Kahuna, Puyallup, Wash. Charles Andrews, brother)

NATION
PARENTS LIVING OR DEAD
FATHER: Dead
MOTHER: Dead
BLOOD Full
AGE 30
HEIGHT
WEIGHT
FORCED INSP.
FORCED EXPR.
SEX M.

ARRIVED AT SCHOOL Sept 17, 1902
FOR WHAT PERIOD 5 years
DATE DISCHARGED May 25, 1905
CAUSE OF DISCHARGE Home to take up trade (plumbing)

TO COUNTRY Oct. 22-03
PATRON'S NAME AND ADDRESS Enos Merrick, Woodhill, Pa.
FROM COUNTRY 9-3-04

Months in school before Carlisle, Readmitted
Grade entered at Carlisle, 6th
Grade at date of Discharge, 7th
Trade or Industry, Engineer
Church, Presbyterian #2
Conduct Good
Cer. of Discharge issued June 16, 1905
RECORD OF GRADUATES AND RETURNED STUDENTS.
UNITED STATES INDIAN SCHOOL, CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA.

Name Frank A. Andrews

1. Are you married and if so to whom? No sir

2. What is your present address? Mrs Annie Andrews East 32 St

3. Did you attend or graduate from any other schools after leaving Carlisle? Give names of school and dates if possible I did not attend or graduate any school after leaving Carlisle

4. What is your present occupation? Salary? My present occupation is fireman. My salary $3.50 per day.

5. Do you own your home? No sir I do not.

6. What kind of a house is it? Number of rooms? The house is a larger one with three rooms down stairs and four rooms upstairs

7. How much property do you possess?
Stock No stock
Land Land
Real Estate

8. Do you have money in the bank? How much?

9. Have you been in the Indian Service? In what positions? How long in each? Yes, I have been in service. I was a fireman at the school and held it until I left to come home and it was about four months I held it.

10. What other positions have you held since leaving Carlisle? No other position but fireman I have held since I left Carlisle.

11. Have you done anything for the betterment of your people? Write fully

address is Tacoma East 32 St Washington
12. Tell me anything else of interest connected with your life.
CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS
CARLISLE PA
Department of the Interior.

Mr. M. Friedman

Supt. U. S. Indian School

Carlisle

Pennsylvania

Dec 26, 1912

Name: Frank Andrews (married)
Tribe: Puyallup
Present Address: is Wapato Wash
Former Address: "Address from which we heard from you last."
Present Occupation: is Farming
Remarks: I always think of my sch. days of Carlisle. I will ever be grateful for the training which I received there.
Miss Hazard: - Change address and return to N.R.D.

1511

Wapato
Wash
May 8-12

Supt Friedman:
Dear Sir -

In reply to your last letter which I received sometime ago, I was indeed glad to hear from you. I am sorry that I couldn't answer sooner because I was so busy at the time I received your letter. I have 60 acres in alfalfa hay and it keep me busy irrigating it every day. I tell you when a man has to depend upon water for living that means he has to do some hard digging.
In the spring time the farmers here are very busy making ditches all over these fields so as to carry the water which is needed to irrigate their crop. Another thing we do is that we cut our alfalfa hay three times in one season.

My wife and I has a new comes in our family it is the cutest little baby girl and we are both proud of it. I do wish to have the Red Man mailed also to me. They have changed my mail box number now instead of #22 it is now #44.

I must close your letter hoping to hear from you. Yours Truly,
Frank Andrew
Frank Andrews, an ex-student, now living at Wapato, Washington, writes: "It has been a long time since I left the school, but the Arrow is still a great help to me. I feel lost when I don't hear the news from Carlisle. I am well and happy and hope my friends at school are the same. I send my best regards to all of them."
NAME AT CARLISLE: Frank Andrews

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>DATE</th>
    <th>INFORMATION THROUGH</th>
    <th>ADDRESS</th>
    <th>OCCUPATION</th>
    <th>ITEMS OF INTEREST</th>
    <th>GRADE</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1910</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Lacoma Wash<br>Utah & Quincy agcy.<br>White Rocks, Utah</td>
    <td>Blacksmith</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1911</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Police Private 2d permo.</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1913</td>
    <td>Self</td>
    <td>Wapato, Wash.</td>
    <td>Dinner</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>